1/10/2024: Replace IO APIs with DAQ APIs example, API: Purge PH


Download Nuget.exe from :

add the path to the exe in the Path System Env Variable

open a commamd line interface

use the following command to install bitmiracle

C:\Nuget>nuget install bitmiracle.libtiff.net -version 2.4.649 -o C:\Nuget




1/24/2024: Do not poll status when in print or spit mode. This causes errors in GIS. Build a 
mechanism to pause polling when in print or spit/prepurge

1/26/2024: Add pre-purge parameters to the config


2/7/2024:
On init set vac to 100 and set everything else to be off.
Tie back UI control for heat enabled to head/ink line enable control.
Tie LED controls to ink line enable also
add "Prime" to the Headpriming list. This is same as spit but only at half.
change title for counts to "repeats" and add a readback for the current iteration/repeat called as "counts"
load customer design button -> load print design
launcher button for recipe xml. better UI for xml
highlight the button for the selected tab in UI

2/9/2024
productname = comes from print recipe row /section (recipexml)
printer name recipexml, printerconfig section
print head count changes with for loop
material can come from recipe xml,

feature: tie the recirc pump on controls to the ink flow valve open etc controls
bug: miniscus pres reg power control did not toggle on automation
improvement: move the Di state trigger event handler to a different process. Top level blocks during purge preventing DI trigger handling


2/26/2024
Add persistent file for all settings
Make sure startup uses persistent files


Persistent file details:

1. miniscus pres setpoint -4
1a. miniscus vac pump -3
2. recirc pump flow setpoint -5
3. ink channel enable status -1
4. head temp enable status -2
5. Tool Idle state

add "Tool Idle State" checkbox
- when checked, set temps to 25C and enable heat

The ink enable set miniscus pressure to 10 (hardcoded). Should come from persistent file


PPP use new xml format
memory leak (1.3 gb ~10:30 AM -4:00 PM)

labview 64 bit 


Send out system mode when a recipe is read-in: command: S,T,M,"systemmode as defined"
Query system mode S,T,N

BUG: material and colorplane dropdown not setting according to xml init

Tab order:



On restart, check idle state from persistent file and apply accordingly